small changes to a conversation and range query (#199)
nuts-foundation/nuts-specification: rfc/rfc017-distributed-network-grpc-v2.md

Certain messages in the protocol are a response to a certain request. To make sure a response corresponds to a certain request, a `conversationID` is added to the request. Response type messages MUST add the same `conversationID` in the response.
The `conversationID` is scoped to a connection.
A node is free to choose the form of a `conversationID`, it MUST be unique during the lifetime of the connection.
It MUST be valid for at least 10 seconds.
It MUST be invalidated after 30 seconds of the last processed message.
If a lot of messages have to be processed, it could take a while for a conversation to finish.

> After processing a message the timeout of 30 seconds will have to be reset.

Reviewer: To prevent a timeout during a long conversation, the timeout should be reset after handling of each _valid_ message.

No need to reset the timer or keep the conversation going if one of the messages is invalid (e.g., missing prevs)

#### 6.2.4 Transaction Range Query

If the IBLT from a `TransactionSet` message can be decoded but contains no missing transactions, the local node SHOULD send a `TransactionRangeQuery` message.
The peer SHOULD respond with `TransactionList` message, containing the requested transactions. The peer SHOULD make sure to send all transactions that were requested.

> Failure to send all messages might resolve in a IBLT decode failure and a `TransactionRangeQuery` message with the exact same parameters.

Reviewer: last line doesn't have to be in the specs?

> Failure to send all messages might resolve in a IBLT decode failure and a `TransactionRangeQuery` message with the exact same parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Failure to send all messages might result in an IBLT decode failure and a `TransactionRangeQuery` message with the exact same parameters.
```

Author: line has been removed.
